welcome to my unboxing of the rocket
Cova this is designed in Germany you
know the Germans always make good stuff
anyway so this is an optical gaming
mouse it's featuring ambidextrous design
which means you can use it with your
left or your right hand it has easy
configuration because it is driverless
personally I always prefer driverless
mice because that means that you don't
have to install some bloated application
just to use your mouse you might have to
install some bloated application in
order to actually configure it I haven't
used a rock at most before so this will
be my first one but once you've done
that you go ahead you plug it into any
system from there and it stores all the
settings on the mouse itself so let's
see what they have to say for themselves
customizable light system very cool and
a big fan of customizable light system
you can change the color easy handling
not sure what they mean by that but oh
ok non-slip stabilisation surface ok
driverless configuration we've already
talked about that enhanced optical
sensor they're saying this is a pro
optical sensor grip tech side area and a
v-shape here you can see they allow you
to customise the lights have your mouse
illuminated in your favorite color they
show a whole little rainbow they're very
very cool alright moving around to the
other side great packaging I love the
way they do their packaging coppa is the
part of the rock at SM s DM s organize
your gaming zone in a space-saving in a
neat way as part of the smart desktop
management system the coppa integrates
perfectly with the gaming peripherals on
your desktop alright then let's open it
up so I have my handy dandy unboxing
knife here which I will use to open the
handy dandy box slice and slice 5 plus 2
buttons is another thing that they
mentioned on the top of the box here
that is not mentioned elsewhere and that
it is ultralight personally I always
used to prefer a bit of a heavier Mouse
but then I moved over to using an atari
laser for my daily driver and that is a
very light Mouse as well and I have now
been converted to preferring a light
Mouse so
who knows this one might be quite
appealing to me all right why don't we
show the included accessories first and
we'll have a look at the Cova itself so
yes must stand for accessory actually
probably not well we're all very good
packaging though here's a quick
installation guide important document
camera man's fussing up in us right now
all right
change light effects so you can change
the lights here oh oh and interesting Oh
neat okay hold on hold on okay so
connect to the computer switch hand mode
so you can change by pressing four and
six so these two side buttons while you
plug it in you can change from right to
left handed mode that's smart cool you
don't actually have to go into any kind
of driver any kind of software
application okay
neat so here's all the standard
configurations for a right-handed mode
alright you press four and six while
it's plugged in to set the light effect
to breathing fault or no illumination so
you just press those together and you
can change the lighting mode very cool
all right you can change the DPI using
these buttons right here so the one on
this side and the one on this side
that's a very smart place to have the
dpi change because normally they're
located somewhere like kind of here on
the mouse and that's very challenging to
reach that in the middle of a game like
if the theory is that you're using
different dpi for sniping or for
standard play and you're changing on the
fly
then you need a located somewhere much
more convenient than that so having it
somewhere like on the side where you can
zoom in change your dpi zoom out change
your dpi very very convenient change the
breathing mode you can set the breathing
mode to change color after one two or
three breaths or holding the color after
each breath by pressing these two
buttons together and you can change your
color by pressing these buttons together
change breathing mode change color so
let's have a look at the mouse itself
it's got your standard USB cord on it
nothing really to say about that it's
got a little rock hat logo there on the
end of the USB okay so here's the Cova
branding we've got very very grippy
rubber surface
here you can actually hear it squeak
there you go
on the left side as well as the right
side of the mouse so that allows you to
hold the mouse quite securely all right
so I would say this is more of a claw or
or like more of a claw or fingertip grip
style Mouse it's not really suitable for
palming because it is quite small you've
got a great scroll wheel here so it can
be because of its shape it can be easily
used with the right hand or with the
left hand because you see how it has
that that Ridge in the center so that
means that you at the angle that you
would naturally be using it is very flat
whereas most mice most wheels are
actually flat on the top and it's an
unnatural angle to to come at it from oK
we've got more lighting effects here as
well as here your standard left and
right mouse click buttons are here in
here and then at the bottom we find the
pro optic sensor so why don't we go
ahead and go plug it in give me just a
moment here guys so here's the lighting
effects guys you can see I have it on
breathing mode right now you can see the
red light at the back the red lights on
the top you can change the color by
clicking like this just as they say
always up the breathing mode one hold on
let me see oh yeah I think that's the
breathing mode one ok so I think this
must be the color change one there we go
there's green change it again there's
other more different green there's blue
there's other more different blue let's
see what else we got here purple does it
have other more different purple so it
goes back to blue red very cool so the
lighting is that easy to customize I
would say this is my favorite the dark
green very nice color and/or that one
actually that one's really good too that
dark blue so there you go that is my
unboxing of the rocket OVA don't forget
to subscribe to Linus tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos while cameraman and I were
putting the Cova back in the box we
found a very interesting thing that we
missed during the unboxing so here's a
little story about a reindeer race
getting out of
control and then you go and on day one
you find a lake and then on v2 you have
some scuba divers and some technicians
and on day three there's some kind of a
surveillance project exploring a
subsurface glacier on day four it's like
like an ops secret ops journal or
something they intercept some email a
correspondence good job that sounds
really interesting please handle this
issue without attracting too much
attention that the personnel file and
then I guess we take out the personnel
guy who here's our contact person and
then there's some analysis and the
rocket laboratories and finally you can
join the organization you're prepared to
come a Rocketeer so I have no idea what
that's for but it includes an ID card so
there you go